previously on tack clip after training
owner Michael are magically made over
with luxurious blocks the cattle
converge on the bathroom for some vanity
time before the spells eventually wear
off mr. Trey where are you I know you
came over this way
Oh can't I ever get a moment of peace
and quiet without someone interrupting
me that's weird
hey chippy have you seen mr. Trey no
jovi nothing too busy checking out all
these flowers to get ideas for my
wedding became hmm this one smells like
old lady soup I'll help you look for him
Chuck but I think I'll just stay up here
for now you know scope the area for
predators
maybe if I don't respond Chuck will
eventually forget he's looking for me he
does have a tendency to get sidetracked
hey was that a bee that thing was huge
yeah why did I come over here again hey
Chuck have you checked the patch of
catnip yet cuz if I know Trey
he's probably rolling around in that
just like butter on a skillet thanks
boots
the catnip of course why didn't I think
of that
hey mr. Trey are you over here oh there
you are yes Here I am you found me but
if you don't mind I'm right in the
middle of my aromatherapy session at the
moment around the therapy huh is that
what they're calling it these days okay
so it's catnip so what well you know how
you get after consuming catnip your
whole head goes straight to pot
figuratively speaking of course mmm
smells good back off bangle boy this is
my catnip corn you see you start getting
very cranky and possessive but that's
okay I can just go right over here for
some catnip if I really wanted some that
is because I much
our hangout on this side of the part
with you whatever going to sharp whoa
snow down there mate overdo it and of
enough crazies out there as it is that
furball that reminds me I have an itch I
need to scratch mmm
much better I hate to sound pushy but
was there a reason you came over here to
bother me oh yes thank you for reminding
me
no prob I came over here did you hit me
is that what you were going to do what
no why would I want to hit you hey have
you ever tried these leaves oh wait
they're the same as the other ones
aren't they that's because it's the same
plant genius oh right so anyway my
question is about mr. Michael now that
he can hear us talk so to speak do you
think that makes him a bigger target for
the dark forces or me mr. train
do you think mr. Michaels in any danger
be quiet
Chuck we shouldn't be talking about this
now you never know who might be
listening
I'm sure do you like wrestling event
jokes you know I do not know come on
let's have a little tussle I could use
the fight training I'm not in the mood
but look I've really mastered my fake
fall watch you don't know when that
might come in handy uh never hey do you
hear something
like what some kind of buzzing I heard
the buzzing - I think there must be
somewhere bees I hate beans good thing I
stayed on the concrete steps here coz
there's nothing around here to attract
those buzzing busy bodies but a bunch of
oh no this is not a SafeZone at all well
talk if you think you hear buzzing why
don't you go be hunting be hunting why
would I want to go be hunting for
training purposes of course it will give
you the chance to test out your tracking
skills to sniff out the enemy oh I see
like a mission sure
like commission okay in your problem a
bee hunting I will go great
good luck that ought to keep them busy
for a while
I'm 7bz instead of Busey Oh busy